Documentation before the first release (#48)
Helioviewer-Project/python-api: docs/index.rst

**********************
``hvpy`` Documentation
**********************

``hvpy`` is a Python package which provides a high-level interface the `helioviewer.org <https://helioviewer.org>`__ `API <https://api.helioviewer.org/docs/v2/>`__.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   guide

>    api

Reviewer: You will want to add the new pages here.

>    guide
>    api
>    installation
>    dev_guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   installation
   guide
   api
   dev_guide
```

**********************
``hvpy`` Documentation
**********************

``hvpy`` is a Python package which provides a high-level interface the `helioviewer.org <https://helioviewer.org>`__ `API <https://api.helioviewer.org/docs/v2/>`__.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   guide
   api
   installation
   dev_guide

Reporting Issues or Requesting Features
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> As mentioned above, building the documentation depends on a number of Sphinx extensions and other packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Since it is not always possible to know which package is causing issues or would need to have a new feature implemented, you can open an issue in the official `hvpy repository <https://github.com/Helioviewer-Project/python-api/issues>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can open an issue in the official `hvpy repository <https://github.com/Helioviewer-Project/python-api/issues>`__ if you have requests or a bug to report.
```

> However, if you wish, you can also open issues in the `helioviewer API repository <https://github.com/Helioviewer-Project/api/issues>`__.

Reviewer 2: Technically nothing was mentioned on this page specifically.

Let's keep this simple and say:

```
To report any issues in this documentation, or any problems
found with the API itself, please create an issue on
`our GitHub page <https://github.com/Helioviewer-Project/python-api/issues>`__
```

I think anything found with HvPy should be reported on hvpy and we can transfer the issue to the server API ourselves if that's the problem.

> However, if you wish, you can also open issues in the `helioviewer API repository <https://github.com/Helioviewer-Project/api/issues>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, as this package wraps the `helioviewer API<https://github.com/Helioviewer-Project/api/issues>`__, you can also open an issue there if you believe this issue affects the actual API.
```

> ******************

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**********************
```

> Hvpy Documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``hvpy`` Documentation
```

> ``hvpy`` Documentation
> ******************

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``hvpy`` Documentation
**********************
```

> ``hvpy`` is a Python package which wraps the ``helioviewer.org`` API and provides a high-level interface for accessing and manipulating data.

Reviewer: This should link to helioviewer.org and the api documentation.

> ``hvpy`` is a Python package which wraps the `helioviewer.org <https://helioviewer.org>`__ `API <https://api.helioviewer.org/docs/v2/>`__ and provides a high-level interface for accessing and manipulating data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``hvpy`` is a Python package which provides a high-level interface the `helioviewer.org <https://helioviewer.org>`__ `API <https://api.helioviewer.org/docs/v2/>`__.
```
